fix: Moving the coding convention documentation and fixing the db location (#410)
DIRACGrid/diracx: docs/CODING_CONVENTION.md

</td>

<td>

```python
class Owners(Base):
    __tablename__ = "Owners"
    owner_id = Column("OwnerID",
        Integer,
        primary_key=True,
        autoincrement=True)
    creation_time = DateNowColumn("CreationTime")
    name = Column("Name", String(255))
```
</td>

<td>

```python
class Owners(Base):
    __tablename__ = "Owners"
    OwnerID = Column(Integer,
        primary_key=True,
        autoincrement=True)
    CreationTime = DateNowColumn()
    Name = Column(String(255))
```
</td>
</tr>

</table>

## Structure

The following structures principles may also be followed:

- `__init__.py` should not contain code, but `__all__`

In fact, the `__all__` variable in a Python module is a list of public objects that the module exports. When you use the `from module import *` statement, Python will import only the names listed in `__all__`. This helps control the namespace and prevents accidental imports of internal or private module components. We can see this as interfaces in Java.

For example, if a module `diracx-router.py` contains:

```
__all__ = ['redirect', 'block']

def redirect():
    pass

def block():
    pass

def aPrivateOrUnusefulFunction():
    pass
```

> Using `from diracx-router import *` will only import foo and bar, but not baz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `from diracx-router import *` will only import `redirect` and `block`, but not aPrivateOrUnusefulFunction`.
```
